good evening Los Angeles I'm Meghan
miles just spoke to the network this
down to you and Wendy Chang is a big
step up local but you already hey girls
what's going on they need the job Wendy
Chang we're taking you out you're gonna
meet some young stupid hot guy and
you're gonna take all your anger and
your aggression out on his penis
I don't do have a penises
you want to get out of here oh
absolutely you stay here are you stuck
yes I am stuck let's go I'm getting it
home safe where do you live don't you
know me
where's my phone Boswell's call me
number you have four new messages
Megan Chang is out they found some
raunchy twit pics she's way too risky
you're back in the running all that good
girl is gonna pay off they're
coming to watch the newscast tonight
this could be your big chance no no my
purse is in there Oh ladies and
gentlemen your body get it here I could
really use some help I could use some
help too really with what I'm a ding
dong I'm a hooker God we have you on
video soliciting these cars we see you
out here again and you will go to jail
you're not gonna help me
yeah we did the right thing you doing it
here I am lost I don't have a phone or
money just a from the nose why the
hell with me your mouth be sucking dick
for crack in our hood I'm not sucking
dick for grant that's your second dick
phony nothing she's free so you ain't
suck one dick tonight shots fired
three black male one Caucasian female in
a yellow dress think it might be the
same girl in the yellow dress
where's Megan I don't know she just took
off three-point fuchsia test go what do
you call your penis my penis you ever
been to a strip club
yes can I get a whoohoo no don't ever do
that again
dollar fifty you know what you can just
keep going
if you ain't even got a dollar 50 you
should retire as a and if you do
scrape up a dollar
have a sandwich that's the reason you
can't hire no change
you ain't got no meat on your bones
Caucasian woman in yellow dress objected
from municipal bus actually banged Megan
last night I impressed that she let go
she afraid I'm not talking about the
details with you yeah
juggle your balls did she slap you
around a little bit tell you were pretty
oh you're pretty look me up vivid if you
were Megan miles where would you be you
see woman in a yellow dress she
assaulted me you ten I'm four happy
conclusion our top story a deranged
woman in a yellow dress is Remagen crew
Los Angeles
oh my god this over to the yellow dress
trying to cross the freeway
[Applause]
your car without proof of the ownership
I have the key look what mother salmon
book don't you don't block a book book
with your hands buh buh
[Music]